Clarify Subject/sub field values per IdP for external service accounts (DOCS-2714) (#2714)
wandb/docs: platform/hosting/iam/identity_federation.mdx

1. Navigate to the **Service Accounts** tab for your team.
2. Click **New service account**.

> 3. Provide a name for the service account, select **Federated Identity** as the **Authentication Method**, provide a **Subject** (see [Determine the Subject value for your identity provider](#determine-the-subject-value-for-your-identity-provider)), and click **Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Provide a name for the service account.
4. Select **Federated Identity** as the **Authentication Method**, then provide a **Subject**.  See [Determine the Subject value for your identity provider](#determine-the-subject-value-for-your-identity-provider).
5. Click **Create**.
```

Author: Applied — split into atomic steps 3/4/5, with the Subject cross-reference as its own sentence. Thanks!

<Note>
W&B recommends using a mix of built-in and external service accounts across your AI workloads with different levels of data sensitivity. This mix strikes a balance between flexibility and simplicity.
</Note>

### Determine the Subject value for your identity provider

> The value you enter for **Subject** must exactly match the `sub` (subject) claim in the JWTs that your identity provider issues for the service account. W&B applies the same comparison for every identity provider. The match is exact, case-sensitive, and whitespace-sensitive, so even a trailing space or a difference in capitalization causes authentication to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value you enter for **Subject** must exactly match the `sub` (subject) claim in JWTs issued by your IdP for the service account. W&B applies the same comparison for every identity provider. The match is exact, case-sensitive, and whitespace-sensitive, so even a trailing space or a difference in capitalization causes authentication to fail.
```

Author: Applied your suggested wording verbatim.

> The value you enter for **Subject** must exactly match the `sub` (subject) claim in the JWTs that your identity provider issues for the service account. W&B verifies this as part of [JWT validation](#jwt-validation), using the same check for every identity provider. The match is exact, case-sensitive, and whitespace-sensitive, so even a trailing space or a difference in capitalization causes authentication to fail.

Author: Good catch — removed the `[JWT validation](#jwt-validation)` link and now state the comparison directly. That section describes `sub` as the user's email address (the human-user case), which would contradict the external service account case where `sub` equals the team-configured Subject. Fixed in 721166333.

> The W&B UI accepts any non-empty **Subject** without validating its value, so an incorrect value isn't caught when you create the service account. Instead, authentication fails later, when the service account presents its JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The W&B App accepts any non-empty **Subject** without validating its value, since the value is entirely dependent on the IdP. W&B can't detect an incorrect value when you create the service account. Instead, authentication fails later, when the service account presents its JWT.
```

Author: Applied — adopted "W&B App" and the clearer "can't detect an incorrect value" phrasing.

The value to use depends on your identity provider, because each provider populates `sub` differently. The following values are typical. Always confirm them against an actual token from your provider:

| Identity provider | Where to find the `sub` value |
| ----- | ----- |
| Microsoft Entra ID | The service principal's **Object ID**, found under **Enterprise Applications** in the [Microsoft Entra admin center](https://entra.microsoft.com). Use the **Enterprise Application** (service principal) Object ID, not the **App registration** Object ID. For app-only (client credentials) tokens, this is typically the value Entra ID places in `sub`. |

> | Google Cloud (GCP) | The `sub` value from the ID token that Google issues for the service account. |

Reviewer: Do we want to include any other IdPs here?

Author: Held to Entra ID + GCP for now: those are the two we've actually field-verified (the Colabs linked in DOCS-2714). I don't have confirmed `sub` values for Okta/Auth0/AWS/Keycloak/etc., and publishing guesses would risk recreating the exact ambiguity this ticket fixes. The decode-the-token method (now the lead paragraph) covers any unlisted IdP safely, and we can add rows as we verify them. Happy to add specific providers if you have validated examples — leaving this open for your call.

<Tip>

> To find the exact value for any provider, including one not listed above, read it from a real token. Obtain a sample JWT issued for the service account, base64url-decode its payload (the middle segment, between the two dots) locally, and copy the `sub` value verbatim into the **Subject** field. Don't paste JWTs into third-party online decoders, because a JWT is a credential.

Reviewer: I think this tip is better than line 86 and could be moved up there as para text. It's the principle behind the table.

Author: Agreed — moved it up as the lead paragraph ahead of the table (and dropped the Tip wrapper) so it reads as the principle the table illustrates.
